Alexandrammr - Adding steps in instructions for #2150 (#6667)
github/docs: data/reusables/files/merge_pull_request.md

> 1. Merge all of the commits into the base branch by clicking **Merge pull request**. For more information, see "[Merging a Pull Request](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/merging-a-pull-request)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Merge pull request** For more information, see "[Merging a pull request](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/merging-a-pull-request)."
```

This is a small change to start the step with the action we want someone to take and a fix for the link URL.
